[Music]
rice and I can see moths bugs
god knows what not Schlosser there's an
entire ecosystem in their fur there's a
moth called the sloth moth that only
lives in the back of a sloth it's both
the sloth moth the sloth algae there's a
dung beetle that hangs out on the fur as
well when they go down it lays its eggs
in the sloth dung there's a whole world
on the back of a sloth that's so cool
you said they swim yeah they do and what
happens to everyone who's hitching a
ride
they actually they'll swim around their
head a lot of times yeah and the the B
it will seem to do okay in the water and
the moths are kind of fly around yeah
once this all comes out they'll land
right back on
and they was all the Noah's Ark
[Music]